all these facts the rat and today we
finds himself again for a new
video of tomodachi the egg
I say again I bowl today I you
find right after the last video
in fact it's direct following and I
that three minutes 23 because the
tablet stops but I tell you I
a bowl not possible there is another heart
is another child with meaning
he wants to have a girlfriend but
I tell you it not the bowl that I have
today we do not know a pretty wifi
the demanded with someone and malines is
also and already already with someone
but my linh the time too his guy and
chop it not cold that she likes to
pretty much her boyfriend
but miley g with another child and
amelie studies in vain you understand
nothing to do me wrong in good if I take
a dish it's okay I 'll be a
funny bonus video like me adnane al
her home indicates yes pair of sleeves
come to put that night when he is
arrived in the apartment committee will not come
Here it was the little video
bonus
it was the little bonus video a good one
I have saved precisely so I'm going
may be trying to do it with buy
in
it may be the sarp the question m
his guy at mileena the sad but
frankly I have not tried to
comforting it's good I hope your
this little bonus video will have pleased you
good and I tell you lease for a
next video go bye everyone